What are the different types of keys?
    Keys are of seven broad types in DBMS:
        Candidate Key: A candidate key is a closely related concept where the superkey is reduced to the minimum number of columns required to uniquely identify each row.
        
        Primary Key: The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely identifies each record in a table. Primary keys must contain UNIQUE values, and cannot contain NULL values. A table can have only ONE primary key; and in the table, this primary key can consist of single or multiple columns (fields)
        
        Foreign Key: Foreign Key is a column that creates a relationship between two tables. The purpose of Foreign keys is to maintain data integrity and allow navigation between two different instances of an entity. Foreign key is an attribute which is a Primary key in its parent table but is included as an attribute in the host table. A foreign key is nullable if any part is nullable. A foreign key can contain duplicate values. A table may have multiple foreign keys, and each foreign key can have a different parent table.

        A FOREIGN KEY constraint does not have to be linked only to a PRIMARY KEY constraint in another table; it can also be defined to reference the columns of a UNIQUE constraint in another table.
        
        Super Key: A superkey is a combination of columns that uniquely identifies any row within a relational database management system (RDBMS) table. 
        
        Alternate Key: Alternate Key is a column or group of columns in a table that uniquely identify every row in that table. Alternate keys are those Candidate keys that were not chosen to be the Primary key of the table. Also known as secondary key
        
        Composite Key: Composite key is a Candidate key that consists of more than one attribute. A composite key in SQL can be defined as a combination of multiple columns, and these columns are used to identify all the rows that are involved uniquely. Even though a single column can't identify any row uniquely, a combination of over one column can uniquely identify any record.
        
        Unique Key: Unique key is a constraint that is used to uniquely identify a tuple in a table. Multiple unique keys can present in a table. NULL values are allowed in case of a unique key.

Natural key:
    A key that is formed of attributes that already exist in the real world. For example, U.S. citizens are issued a Social Security Number (SSN) that is unique to them (this isn't guaranteed to be true, but it's pretty darn close in practice).

Surrogate key:
     Anonymous integer primary keys that goes in sequence. Also known as synthetic key, fact-less key or technical key. It has no business meaning. It helps to join dimentsion table to fact table. 

Why is surrogate key used?
    A surrogate key uniquely identifies each entity in the dimension table, regardless of its natural source key. This is primarily because a surrogate key generates a simple integer value for every new entity. Surrogate keys are necessary to handle changes in dimension table attributes.


What is natural key and surrogate key?
    key is a unique value that identifies each record. Sometimes the primary key is. made up of real data and these are normally referred to as natural keys, while. other times the key is generated when a new record is inserted into a table. When a primary key is generated at runtime, it is called a surrogate key.

What is a natural key vs primary key?
    A primary key uniquely identifies each record within a table and relates records to additional data stored in other tables. A natural key might require several fields to accomplish a unique identity for each record.

    What is difference between primary key and surrogate key?
It turns out a surrogate key is very similar to a primary key in that it is a unique value for an object in a table. However, rather than being derived from actual data present in the table, it is a field generated by the object itself

--- surrogate keys are used for data warehousing instead of natural keys. Because surrogate keys have constant behaviour,  helps in multi source integration, faster query performance . It is used for dimension tables.

Is Super key a candidate key?
    Super Key is an attribute (or set of attributes) that is used to uniquely identifies all attributes in a relation. Candidate Key is a subset of a super key. All super keys can't be candidate keys. But all candidate keys are super keys.
    
